README.md, before:

# Singer_D_GymLeaderData

Data for Red/Blue/Green/Yellow from: zerokid https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/gameboy/367023-pokemon-red-version/faqs/64175/introduction

Data for Ruby/Sapphire/LeafGreen/FireRed/Emerald from: roushmore https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1frqW2CeHop4o0NP6Ja_TAAPPkGIrvxkeQJBfyxFggyk/edit#gid=1064630895 

RS, FRLG, E ability and item data from: bulbapedia

DP data from: werster https://www.dropbox.com/s/utieptnrxl64ka3/Pearl%20Trainer%20data.xlsx 

DP ability, item, and move data from: bulbapedia

PT stats calculated from: MoneyHypeMike and majorkatsuragi's data https://www.dropbox.com/sh/9tfr2gxm9tabxjk/AAA-K8XULd16TQf_uLfSQaFda?preview=Pok%C3%A9mon+Platinum+-+Script+File+(Piplup).xlsx and https://calc.pokemonshowdown.com/

PT move data from: bulbapedia

BW data from: https://www.dropbox.com/s/vfy5xok1knq069a/Pokemon%20Black%20-%20Game%20Information%20(Tepig).xlsx?dl=0 

XY data from: wartab https://www.speedrun.com/pkmnxy/guides/2afgl

ORAS data from: bulbapedia

SM data calculated from: SCIRESM's data https://pastebin.com/vkaZNTra  

US/UM data calculated from: SCIRESM's data https://pastebin.com/9WdFYnLi  

US/UM ability, item, and move data from: bulbapedia

LGPE data from: eddaket https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zlvzKZAF6m7V3xSsf1md4HGge9CzlnJypIacnQ4fKqs/edit#gid=1454927861 

Sw/Sh data from: doipy hooves on Smogon https://pastebin.com/EUw7mEtR 

BDSP data from: Hematite/HemaH2O and Kaphotics https://heystacks.com/doc/1042/bdsp-trainer-data 

S/V data from: Hematite/HemaH2O https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16XSoEjfAyWhvqUV8t2TZR_RD8Qceb4RVYbR5njS8aHk/htmlview

XY/ORAS/SM/USUM/LGPE/SWSH/BDSP/SV Pokemon images from: serebii

RBG/Y/GSC/RS/FRLG/E/DP/PT/HGSS/BW/B2W2 Pokemon images from: bulbapedia

Trainer Images from: bulbapedia

Commit message:

HGSS Data
Added the data for HGSS trainers

README.md, after:

# Singer_D_GymLeaderData

Data for Red/Blue/Green/Yellow from: zerokid https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/gameboy/367023-pokemon-red-version/faqs/64175/introduction

Data for G/S/C from: Eevee-Trainer https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/gbc/375087-pokemon-crystal-version/faqs/75486/full-trainer-info-list 

Data for Ruby/Sapphire/LeafGreen/FireRed/Emerald from: roushmore https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1frqW2CeHop4o0NP6Ja_TAAPPkGIrvxkeQJBfyxFggyk/edit#gid=1064630895 

RS, FRLG, E ability and item data from: bulbapedia

DP data from: werster https://www.dropbox.com/s/utieptnrxl64ka3/Pearl%20Trainer%20data.xlsx 

DP ability, item, and move data from: bulbapedia

PT stats calculated from: MoneyHypeMike and majorkatsuragi's data https://www.dropbox.com/sh/9tfr2gxm9tabxjk/AAA-K8XULd16TQf_uLfSQaFda?preview=Pok%C3%A9mon+Platinum+-+Script+File+(Piplup).xlsx and https://calc.pokemonshowdown.com/

PT move data from: bulbapedia

HGSS data from: JTMagicMan https://www.speedrun.com/pkmnhgss/guides/k2zij 

BW data from: https://www.dropbox.com/s/vfy5xok1knq069a/Pokemon%20Black%20-%20Game%20Information%20(Tepig).xlsx?dl=0 

XY data from: wartab https://www.speedrun.com/pkmnxy/guides/2afgl

ORAS data from: bulbapedia

SM data calculated from: SCIRESM's data https://pastebin.com/vkaZNTra  

US/UM data calculated from: SCIRESM's data https://pastebin.com/9WdFYnLi  

US/UM ability, item, and move data from: bulbapedia

LGPE data from: eddaket https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zlvzKZAF6m7V3xSsf1md4HGge9CzlnJypIacnQ4fKqs/edit#gid=1454927861 

Sw/Sh data from: doipy hooves on Smogon https://pastebin.com/EUw7mEtR 

BDSP data from: Hematite/HemaH2O and Kaphotics https://heystacks.com/doc/1042/bdsp-trainer-data 

S/V data from: Hematite/HemaH2O https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16XSoEjfAyWhvqUV8t2TZR_RD8Qceb4RVYbR5njS8aHk/htmlview

XY/ORAS/SM/USUM/LGPE/SWSH/BDSP/SV Pokemon images from: serebii

RBG/Y/GSC/RS/FRLG/E/DP/PT/HGSS/BW/B2W2 Pokemon images from: bulbapedia

Trainer Images from: bulbapedia
